Office Hours, 01042023
Happy New Year, everyone. Welcome to office hours. It is January 4th.
This is the first office hours of 2023. I can't believe it. This year went by so quickly.
So many ups and downs, so many challenges. I'm going to spend just a minute talking about like what I think is going to happen this year in 2023. And what we like to do at the beginning of the year and the end of the previous year to start planning.
So what I'll say is, in this business, you should always be thinking two to three quarters. We like to think at least three quarters ahead. So coming into Q1, we're already thinking about about Q3 and Q4.
And then as we get into March and April, we're already, we have samples were already certain place orders for our, you know, our Q4 orders. So you're, you have to be a few quarters ahead in your mindset when you're starting to develop products and doing a lot of product research. So I just want everyone to be in that mindset.
Now, the other part of that is that you need to understand that when you're pulling those levers of new product development, what are the resources you're going to need to hit the goals that you're going to set. So work backwards from a goal, and you should say right now, okay, well, we're coming into Q1, we got Chinese New Year coming up. If you haven't placed any orders yet, the odds are that you're going to have trouble getting it out before Chinese New Year.
Plus China's getting ravaged right now with with COVID out like 70% of the country has it is really, really high. And I think that it'll blow through during Chinese New Year as it spreads into the more remote areas. And then I think coming out of Chinese New Year in February, things should start to get back to normal.
That's my thinking based on what we've seen with COVID over the last, you know, couple of years now. So what what I'm thinking is that you're kind of out of luck for new orders, but you can probably load up on samples. So I would be doing a ton of product research right now on products that I want to launch in July.
August, September. If you're thinking summer toys right now, you're going to miss the hot season. Summer toys really take off when the kids first get back out of school.
And you're going to land those in the middle of the summer towards the end of the summer. It's going to be a little late. So you got to be thinking fall back to school.
You got to be thinking products that do well more year round. And you can even start thinking of those travel type. Not travel, but stuff that will be more year round.
Now think about this as well. With the economy and the macro economy, I'm thinking that e-

commerce will continue to do well. But spending as a whole will go way down.
People are going to lose jobs. People are going to be a really stressed with inflation and the cost of goods. And I think some of that is starting to alleviate the inflation is really starting to come down.
I think it peaked already, but the recession from real estate and into the stock market will really impact jobs, which will really impact spending, which will really impact, you know, consumer confidence. And so you're going to have a dip in overall spending. Think e-commerce will do okay.
But what does that mean? If e-commerce is doing okay, steady, maybe a little bit of growth versus the higher growth. And then retail is down. We're spending is down.
That means the spending overall is down for things like travel. People aren't going to be traveling as much this year. I don't think.
And you have to think about maybe luxury goods or the wants versus the needs. People aren't going to be buying the nice to haves. They'll be buying the cheaper option when possible.
They'll be pinching pennies, saving. So more affordable options, trying to launch a more expensive version of a product might not be something you want to do in the next year to two years. So you're thinking a couple quarters ahead.
We might be in the midst of a massive recession. People aren't going to be traveling as much. So you got to avoid travel.
Those nice to haves probably aren't products that you want to do those premium type of bundles probably aren't going to be where you want to go. So just getting that right mindset of like where you might want to invest in the next products and your timeline for that. Now, if China opens up while they've opened up, but if China does have cats on fair in April, I would love to still go.
And if anyone from the inner circle is going to go, then we can definitely meet out there and do a meet up and do a workshop one night, right? Like we can do a workshop, maybe the day before we could talk about best practices for attending one of those massive fairs. We'll give you a full checklist. I don't think we're going to host a whole trip.
But if you happen to be out there, you know, we can work something out. I think maybe the following year, we can talk more about hosting a more thorough or in depth trip. But really it's, it's about like how to take notes, how to talk to the vendors, how to get ideas, how to take pictures, what not to do like don't take a catalog from every single booth, because you get a hundred booths in and you got a hundred catalogs in your bag.
That's very easy to do in a few hours. You're going to be carrying 60 pounds of catalogs, right?

Like don't make these mistakes. And so we're going to talk about, you know, what to do, what not to do, and we can we can work on that, which is really fun when you attend the fair.
But hopefully we'll be able to go back to China this year and we'll be able to do quite a bit of cool stuff now that things are starting to open back up. That's kind of it for the new year. We will get into some more business management practices.
There's calls in the inner circles around like the taxonomy of value about identifying what levers to pull working backwards. Being able to figure out like new products versus used, how many products you typically have to research before you find a sample, you know, it could be a hundred products lead to two samples. And this is a hundred dives and data dive right like a hundred actual in depth dive might lead to two samples and then out of every two samples you might place one order.
So if you want to launch five products this year, you probably have to do over 500 dives right so that's just the way it works so front load that research over the next month while you can't really do much get whatever samples you can before they they leave for Chinese new year and be ready to place orders when they come back in February, late February and in the March and then, you know, then you're looking at another few months from there for it to actually get produced, get, you know, and get here. So just be thinking a couple quarters out. All right, guys, so Marlene, do we have any pre submitted questions? Yes, we do.
We do have seven. I imagine they built up over the holiday. Yeah.
Okay, I'm sharing my screen now. So to keyword phrases across the different fields index. And what I don't know what they mean by fields, for example, in the title contain litter box and the bullet points for senior cats.
What that would it index, it's not going to index litter box for senior cats they need to be pretty close to each other. It used to be as much as 14 words, I think was like the magic number for a while, but I wouldn't rely on that and I know it's gotten a lot more compressed the algorithms a lot better at. Heasing words together that are closer together to find those broad matches and broad meanings, but I wouldn't definitely won't do it from like some in the title, some in the bullets or even different bullets.
You'll need to keep them pretty close together for it to find it. Yeah, doesn't account for because it doesn't work at all. Go ahead.
I'm debating launching a product developed specifically for Mac book users. All the keywords include Mac book in them. Now in TOS, it says you can use compatible with X brand model.
But what is your real world experience like? I am worried. Oh, by a thousand units. Yeah, so it does work that way, Mike.
I've in the past, we sold a lot of Apple accessories and specifically the Apple Watch. And I would

say that as long as you put compatible with Apple Watch series, whatever, or compatible with Mac book, whatever model, you're going to be okay. But you have to have that language there.
Otherwise, you're going to, you're not and don't use made for with Apple because made for the Apple Watch, I think, is a term that they trademark. Just be careful the made for with Apple products, but you should be alright. I want to launch a product with three different colors.
I prefer starting with three separate listings as I'm not sure which color will most sketch buyers attention more than the competition and my plan is to combine them in the future would like to get your opinion about it. If they are pretty close and then compared to the other best sellers are beating them, then do it all separate, but you might want to start with them, you know, starting, starting to part is fine, but it's more expensive, right? Like, you just got to be willing to spend a little bit more money and to test it. So I don't mind doing that just launch them about a week apart.
Don't don't launch all three the same day. Product validation question when you are when we are in product validation was a recommended keyword relevancy rate. Excuse me.
I don't know they turn to a percentage and I don't remember if it was like 14, 20. Yeah, I think a relevancy of three out of 15. It's like 20%.
I would kind of be the minimum. I think that I would look forward to, like, I think that's going to be loosely relevant. And then above 20%, like above 30 and 40% is when you start to get into more relevant.
So just keep that in mind. The percentage matters for the, to give you the percentage going to matter for your potential conversion rate. And so you want to have that good mix, but we're accounting for that with our algorithm a little bit.
How to remove parameter related bullets points added by Amazon above the regular bullets. Fabric, I guess messing around with the browse nodes could help, but then it could affect relevancy as well. Could appealing the seller support help.
In my case, these bullets seem inaccurate and irrelevant. Any specific value to put in the flat file to make these disappear. If you do an update, a full update instead of a partial update and fill out everything but those fields, then it will probably make them disappear.
That's my guess. But I would ask that question in the inner circle and see if anyone else has experience with that. Because I personally haven't experienced it with any of the categories that we sell in.
Just make sure when you do a full update guys that you that you fill in all of the, all of the columns that you, when doing a full update, just fill in all columns that you want to keep information in. Or try to input information into whatever you leave blank is going to get deleted. Just keep that in mind.

If it's a partial update, it will only update the columns that you add to in the partial update flat file. So whatever you contribute to will now override the previous. So that's the difference between a partial and a full update.
Can't stress that enough. I will say it every single time I talk about partial and full update, because there are many times when people make a mistake, they accidentally do a full update and all they wanted to do is change one column and then it wipes the rest of the listing. So two things to remember is to download your category listing report occasionally that will have all of your products with all of your fields and it'll, it'll have all of the data there and all of the field information.
And then that way you can quickly go and pull your old data or your old fields and update if you ever have an issue. Okay, listing listings with variations question. In my listing the variations are simply sets of two and sets of four of the main listing at a lower cost per unit if I advertise for ranking on the main listing and get a cell on one of the variations does this increase my ranking just for the listing.
I don't know about ranking juice for the listing. If not, how to best manage the sale in terms of ranking just advertising all variations. It's going to impact your variation sales will impact the overall performance of your overall BS are.
Because the BS are combined velocity of all the variations so that helps. And then I think it might impact in a blended way some form of quality score. So I would not be worried about it but those other variations are usually more profitable.
Typically you'll use the single listing the single product listing as almost like a loss leader low margin, but you're hoping that every tooth, you know, two to five times. 10 times a day, depending on what's the velocity of the main little one, you're going to get people that buy the multi pack that you make a lot more money on. That's a very common strategy to increase your overall profitability of your listing is to add those extra variations that are more profitable.
So don't be afraid to to do that. It's definitely good. So I'm switching a supplier after two years bigger factory better customization option better both price.
The product listing is my hero ace and I did a test order of a thousand units three months ago paid vine and test launch that there were some bugs I paid for a new mold asked for different components and hopefully eliminated the bugs. Still worried to slap the same FM skew and watch my hero listing burn. How would you approach this.
I don't want to waste time launching another separate test order launching variation. Yeah, you have to do an inspection. Now you can do a percentage of that order.
Ranging from very small like one in a hundred. All the way up to like 20 30% of the order you can have them inspected gets more expensive. But if you're worried about it, I would have them inspected and inspect the larger percentage and give them visibility on what the previous

issue was.
So maybe start with a smaller batch of 500. Inspect a larger percentage of those 500 if it goes well get another shot like another thousand and then inspect the smaller percentage of those. But factory inspections are going to be where you need to catch that stuff.
This supplier is also supplying my biggest competitor which's actually how I reverse found the supplier US grant and they are actually among 100 top Amazon sellers. I'm realizing same some things I developed for myself will potentially be incorporated into their product. I don't have any contract signed I never really dabbled into that area should I. You should definitely if you customize the mold or the product in any way you need to file for some kind of design patent.
If there is a functionality to that, then you can or an element that's unique to that with the mold or the way it is. You might be able to protect it with a the way it functions you might be able to get like a utility patent as well. So I would reach out to a lawyer that specializes in product development patents.
Rich Goldstein is good he's done a call with us. There's a couple others that are out there that specialize in this field. I wouldn't hesitate to reach out to one of them and ask them what your options are for protecting yourself.
Okay. Is that it? All right, excellent. David, how's it going? Happy New Year.
Hi, happy New Year. How you doing? Thanks for everything listening hours of hours. And finally, we got our first product coming from China.
It's all the way. That's so exciting. Yes.
It's like it's like you're getting a candy story and I'm like you're sitting there. Yes. Still a lot of learning and I love the new feature and data dive the scorecard.
Very detailed, very exciting fun to do it. And a lot of information that we can get. I appreciate that, man.
We're going to continue to add to that and make it better. So I'm always looking for feedback on things we're missing and visibility and how to improve things. So thank you so much.
Sure. So the main question is about this. Figuring out and predicting the sales velocity.
Sometimes you say that in two weeks, you beat all green and yellow sellers. And how can we really predict, you know, approximately understand, you know, also the PPC, you say you have to see how much to spend, and according to expected revenue, you have to 30 days. So the question is updated.
Our SOP now we're going to be updating the PPC SOP. We're uncapping tacos now. So we used to estimate the tacos based on our estimated 30 day sales.

Once we figured out how many units we think we could sell and then try to keep it under 40, 30, 30, 50%. Right. I think that what our approach is, if you've done the testing on the design.
You're targeting all the right keywords with really solid keyword research from in it. And you're sorting it. By root word using data.
I think that you can just go unlimited at that point. Like you want to restrict those really fast moving generic keywords. Don't go unlimited there.
But for the most part. You're not slowing down based on tacos. You kind of want to throw all the traffic at it.
And then, you know, with all those exact campaigns, day one. And then day two and day three, you're looking at your click through rate, your conversion rate from those campaigns. And you're dialing it in, you're getting the content dialed in.
And if things are looking good, then you turn on those broad and you start to go faster with PPC. So it's a much faster launch than it used to be from PPC and a much more aggressive launch than it used to be. Right.
So a velocity. I would say for the number of units. I would say that 50 to 70% of keywords, as long as there are a lot of relevant keywords.
I would take the average of those sellers. You can go down to 40, but you should crush those guys. 40 to 70%.
If there's not enough 50 to 70, you want to have like at least three to five six sellers in that range. Take the average of their sales. Now.
What do you mean with the percentage of the surge volume. Percentage of surge volume. If they're between like 50 and 70%, you take the average of all those guys.
We should be able to get in that range. And then in the first like two to three weeks to three weeks. Yeah.
Now, there's a couple exceptions that you kind of need to have visibility on. Right. There might be a guy that's at 60% with a ton of sales for two reasons.
One is he's really, really good at generic keywords. And he's really bad at the relevant keywords. Like he just, he got lucky.
He crushed toys for four year old girls. And he's got like two other keywords, but he's missing a bunch of roots. Right.
So he could be better. He's good, but he could be better. The other one is like the, the branded search.

So the guys that have a big brand name and they're driving a lot of outside traffic. So they've got influencer marketing. They're in stores.
They're in retail. And so they have like 50% of the keywords search volume. But they're, they have like double the sales of the next guy with a stand on a search line.
Right. And also maybe they spend a lot of. That's another thing to kind of like, you can kind of make out.
Like if you just got an outlier, you kind of have to back out those sales and identify where those extra sales are coming from. You'll look for branded search terms in your report with their brand name. And you'll, and you'll look for their overall rank on high search volume keywords.
And you'll look at the overall rank for the rest of the keyword. So if they're a top five or top three listing top five listing for most of the keywords, they're going to have a higher conversion rate than the next guy who's only top 10 top 15 for most of the guy. So you'll see guys with the same exact percentage side by side.
And this guy's got 50% more sales than this guy because he's top five for most keywords. And this guy's only top 15 for most keyword. So just understand like you're, you're likely going to get in the top 10 top 15.
And you're going to get between 50 and 70% of the search volume. And then figure out kind of what that means as far as how many units you can sell. And then, and then get a significant amount of inventory to be able to make those keep pushing those ranks while you got more inventory coming.
So three months of inventory usually is a minimum of what I'm looking to order based on first order. Yeah. Now, two, two to three weeks after launch, you're, you're making that next order.
You don't need to order all three months again. You can order one month. Right.
So because you still have, I'm build on it. You'll have. So you can order 30 days of inventory.
You can see how things are going. They're trending in the right direction. Maybe it's faster than you thought.
Maybe it's slower than you thought. So you can adjust. You can make a 30 day order.
And then like in three weeks again, go back and revisit and say, okay. That, that, that order is going to land. Where am I at with inventory? Am I, you know, I'll place another order today.
And it gets here again in 45 days or 60 days. What am I looking at from a cashflow perspective and from an inventory level. At that time.
So you have to typically be planning three orders in advance. And then more frequent, but

smaller orders so that you constantly have inventory hitting. It's going to be a much easier thing on your cashflow.
But a little bit more work, right? Right. One quick question on the scorecard. What would you consider a good score? It's tough, right? Like I think anything below 500 is, is a little bit on the risky side.
That I've seen from like the scorecards I've done. Three to 500 would be like starting to get risky and below that definitely risky. And then I've seen scores in the seven to 1000 range.
Thought our medium risk that, that looked good. And I've seen, but I've seen seven. It's a little funny because I've seen stuff in like the 800 to 1000 range.
Very fast moving, very expensive. But I think I can do well, right? So like it's risky from a capital. But it's not as risky from an Amazon outlay, right? Amazon data, right? So it's all relative to your, again, that's why the first couple of questions that we talk about are your business requirements.
Right. Very good answer. Thank you very much.
Yeah. Great to see you, man. And are you coming to campy come? It doesn't look like.
But I'm missing out. I tell you what, it's too strong, like two full days of workshops. It's going to be pretty intense.
We. Yeah. So we only in the beginning.
So we want to first, you know, start moving and some products, see how the process goes. And then we want to build on. Might be a little early.
So here's the thing, like we're going to spend. Day one. Going really deep on that product development, the sourcing, the logistics.
The packaging design, and then the designing of the product, the product design, and then the. Testing the content, right? And content development. Day two is going to be where you talk, we're all talking like everything from like launches and on.
So it's all launches and PPC per day to basically. So, but it's. It's going to go deep.
I get the content, the inner circle is great. We're updating all the inner circle content and like this is going to be the foundation of it. And it's all interactive.
So I'm hoping to start sharing a lot more of that with the guy with you guys. So if you don't make it, it's fine, like, but it'll be a couple months as we as we roll out some of that content. And it'll just be great to network and stuff.
So that's why I would, if you're able to make it, I would. Okay, we'll rethink it. Thank you very

much.
Take care. Thank you. Greg, happy New Year, man.
I'm going to see you soon. Yes, sir. I'm excited.
It'll be, it'll be fun. I'm not excited about leaving Oregon at five in the morning, but other than that. You're going to get into Orlando the afternoon on.
Yeah, yeah, and go through Denver. So hopefully. If it's a red eye, you at least get some sleep.
Yeah, yeah, no, I'll get there by three 30 in the afternoon, Sunday, actually, so. So I figured if I'm going all that way, get there as soon as I can. I just, I was wondering, I've been studying a bit of that chat GPT thing around the concept of a plus content and, and some of the things that are going on.
And I, I'm pretty sure you've been thinking about it. So I'm just curious if there's anything going on or what your thoughts are. I think it's pretty awesome.
As a matter of fact, we had been, we had been developing some, some AI for product writing. In our listing builder, we had. We had an inferior.
AI that we were working with. To try to take our data set and help us write listings. Within within data dive and we were, we're looking at moving in that direction to, to offer that.
Plug in through data dive for people to hit a button and it just maximize ranking juice and write the listing. Awesome. So we're working with a few parameters.
And what the, the difficult part sometimes is like you have an existing listing and you don't want to make too many changes. So for optimization, it might not be ideal because you have to get a visibility on what you're missing and then do maybe one route at a time and be very precise with, with your changes. But for launch, it's awesome.
Right. Like, it's just, this is the list. And so I think that because we're starting AI is only as good as the input.
And you probably know a lot more about this stuff than I do even, but like you put shit in, you're going to get a shit out. It doesn't matter. But I think like the data dive data is so good that it's going to, it's going to be amazing.
Right. Like, so we're very excited about it. Like it's, it's low key, low key, something we're already on and like really, really excited about.
Cool. Yeah, I just took a couple of the listing builder listing and then took that and said, write this in a, you know, in a more marketing toned way with this kind of avatar. And it kind of blew me away.

So it's out of this world. Good. Yeah, it's so, so good.
It's like a super good and a little bit creepy. Yeah, I think it's far more than a little bit creepy. It's, it's scary.
And, and, and it's true. Like a lot of the big analysts, a lot of the big tech guys are saying this is the first real threat to Google. Yeah.
Yeah. Well, you said something just did a licensing deal with open AI. So Microsoft's going to have fun.
Wow. Yeah. That's crazy.
Can you believe of all the things to be so controversial right now? But Musk was one of the original founders of open AI. Yeah. Yeah.
And he was one of the first ones to warn people about it too. You know, he knew how good it could get and how scary it is. Yeah.
There's a lot there. Like we're, we're really excited. There's going to be a really big announcement for data dive.
Can't be calm that I can't wait to share with you guys Monday morning. Oh, nice tease. Okay.
Oh, yeah. So everyone there at the camp will get first, first, first dibs on the news. Awesome.
All right. I'll see you there, man. Yep.
Thanks. Okay. Mr. Zavar.
Zavar. Hello. How are you? Oh, but not, but how are you today? Very good.
I had a, well, it's not really a question. It's like one of my first big launches that was selling like 30 units a day. And I obviously ran out of stock in like two months or so, which I wasn't expecting.
And my next inventory, well, I'm trying to get whatever I can as many units as I can, like before Chinese New Year. But it might be up until April when I actually come in stock. Okay.
So I'm not sure what to do. Should I do a relaunter for this or I have about like over 50 reviews for the six star or something. So yeah, just how's your, how's your saturation right now in keywords? Like if you run, if you run a master keyword list and you've got your product, what percentage of the search volume are you ranked for? I thought into looking into data dive, you mean, I don't know really.
Yeah, I've looked into that number, but what I was looking at was like for all the main keywords, all the relevant keywords. I was on page one, at least, well, on 70 to 80%. I was on page one.

So you would think that like your score in a data dive dive with your best competitors, you would probably be in that 70 to 80% rain. Yes. So if you're in the 70 to that range is strong, but what is the, what is the reason that you were struggling to push the product from the bottom and middle of page one to the top of page one for some of these keywords? Was your conversion rate lower than the competition? Were you not aggressive enough with PPC? I didn't.
So I'm still not ranked on the main keyword. I didn't even run PPC for it. I didn't want to because I was like, I don't have enough stuff to do that.
I was just running on long tail keywords. So I'm not ranked on any of the two, you know, the two word keywords. It's all like three or four word keywords.
And in that niche, I think that's the main thing. There's only one like two letter word or whatever keyword. Yeah.
Yeah. This is a tough cycle that you're in, right? Were you profitable on that order? No. So the revenues were like 22,000 in November, and I was 7,000 negative because of PPC.
In December, it was again like 20,000 plus revenue with 2,000 negative because of story cost and stuff. So it was getting there, eventually getting there. Yeah.
So this is, what you're describing to me is like, I see a lot, right? It's a product that you couldn't afford to do, but you like the opportunity. And what you're doing is just like, you're kind of just, you're stifling the growth of your, of your business and your capital because your, your, your, your eyes are bigger than your stomach. You ever hear that term? When you're like, if you're super, super hungry or you go to the grocery store and you order a whole grocery cart full of food because you're hungry, and then you come back and you eat a little bit or you order a lot on the menu.
So you've got to, you've, what you're doing though is that when you don't target those bigger keywords, then you're, when you, when you try to aim to just be like the 15th best, you're never going to unlock the potential of all of the organic sales and organic clicks that make the product profitable. You're always going to be chasing breakeven. So unless you order enough inventory and you do the launch properly, your, that product is probably too expensive for you if you don't have the capital to do it right.
I do have a capital and I'm, I'm finding a new supplier to do it because the lead time for current supply is just too long. They said it's 30 days, but like three months or something. Yeah, so that's, that was one of the issues.
So this one, I would say, start all over. I know you have reviews, but you've kind of hurt yourself because most of your sales, probably PPC sales, your conversion rate because of that is going to be lower as an average than your competition who has organic, a lot more organic sales. I would launch a new, new product variation with order, a lot more units because make sure that

again, you test use, use pickful or one of these services that's out there that is only going to cost you a hundred or two hundred dollars.
And before you finalize that order, make sure that you, that you for sure want to do that design. I don't know the product, but if you're not beating the top three to four sellers, top five sellers, if you're not second or third, first second or third in that, in that, in that poll, you're going to struggle to get from the middle of page one to the top 10. Because there's a lot of people, a lot of history that are there above you that you can't really beat unless you're really pushing because you need velocity.
You need a lot of traffic. You need a lot of add to parts. You need a lot of sales.
And they have those because they're already established. So in order to push up, you have to be aggressive, but you have to be precise. And so test again the design, make sure it's truly good, good enough.
And then be aggressive with the order, order quantity, and then start with a new skew. And then merge them under a new parent so that you, with the other one not in stock, so you can get those old reviews. That'll give you a little boost.
But it's kind of you got to go bigger, go home. Don't, don't, don't, you can't halfway do it with the business. Okay.
So two more things. I did use the, you know, when they say, create a pricing error before you go out just before you run out of stock to preserve your rank. So I did do that.
So I'm not sure it will help or not. And then the other question I had, the problem is you're not doing a great job. Like you're doing an okay job now and okay, it's not going to be good enough.
Like you're going to come back in stock and continue to break even. You're going to keep spinning your wheels and keep breaking even because you're spending a lot on PPC and you're not really, you're, you're doing a little bit better till break even and then you're going to be around there. You're not going to grow your business or your capital.
You're not going to make profit. Your ROI is not going to be there. Okay.
Okay, make sense. Yeah. Yeah, I just want to keep it, keep it real with you there because a lot of people, one of the biggest mistakes we've ever made in the business was to keep chasing a product like that.
Where we think we can make it profitable. We think we can make it work. We let's launch it again.
It was so close. We only lost a couple thousand. We only lost a couple.

We lost a few that it's so close. It's almost there. And, you know, next thing you know, a year later, you're sold 30,000 units, but you lost like 50,000.
Right. You were better off lighting it on fire and never touching that product. So, make the full commitment.
Make sure it's good enough. Make sure the conversion rates good enough. Make sure your content's better than your competition.
Make sure your value is better. And then order enough units, relaunch it and go after those bigger keywords and make sure you're pushing correctly. Okay, make sense.
Thank you. All right. No problem.
Good luck. Is it heavy? Yeah, it's heavy. How are you doing, brother? Great.
Is your cousin in the inner circle? Oh, I'm actually, I don't know anybody. I'm really new. Okay.
Okay. So I had a friend message me that I had an inner circle member who's done really well. Message me.
Same. And he told me his cousin was going to join and then you joined. So I thought it was you.
So I apologize. Don't worry. Thank you very much.
I'm really excited to be here. So I'm a new seller. I'm probably the newest seller here.
So I'm basically going to ask some, but a very basic question. So I've done lots of research. I basically know all the theory of the business.
So I'm, I was aiming to start this year with my first product. And then I heard you talking a little bit about how you guys think in advance, like three quarters in advance, right? So I'm, I'm about to finish your course. Basically, basically I started with the freedom course and then did your, your course and just to fill in the gaps.
And I was wondering, what would you recommend I do because what I'm scared a little bit about is if I jump in on Q four, maybe it's, it's going to be difficult for me to, to kind of get a grip of, of that velocity if the product has like a good traction. Yeah, it'll be here way before Q four. Okay.
If you're ordering, if you're ordering after, after Chinese New Year, you spend the next, like I said, spend the next 30 days just filling up your pipeline with potential products. Get as many of those samples as you can now. You place your orders end of February.
You got March, April, May, you know, you're landing in June. Most of your inventory will be landing, you know, mid to late May, June, if you're getting your orders in right after, right? If you rush it, it's fast, like they have it in, like it's a low lead time, you can maybe get it before. But

if it's a summer product, it starts to get hot, you know, hotter, sooner.
You might miss summer, but you know, yeah, like it's, don't be worried about Q four yet. Okay. Yeah, we're, we're, we're located in Mexico.
So we have a few sourcing options down here and obviously that'll be fat much faster than yeah. Exactly. Yeah, that's like an advantage we have over here.
So I'm not that much worried, but I'm still considering the China option. But I just wanted to know your, your opinion on that. That's going to be great for you.
So your lead time is much better. And then you can truck it across the border as needed. So you might.
You, you don't need to worry about maybe maybe you're only thinking two quarters out or one quarter out, right? Like. Your lead time is significantly better. Most of the time we got to spend 30 to 45 days just on the water and.
Getting or bouncing around warehouses when it lands, but if you're just sending a truck directly across and then straight into the fulfillment center might be much better for you. Do you recommend sending it directly to the fulfillment center or landing? Whenever possible, it's going to save you a ton of money. Okay.
And especially if you're trucking from Mexico, it's for sure. You can, you can send those, those palettes across the full truckload. You've got to look at the cost, right? Like a full truckload, a half a truckload LTL versus, you know, those different costs per unit and figure out how that's going to impact your unit economics.
Okay. The 3PL option is usually usually do it when it's a product from China. It's usually going to do it when you need to send more inventory than you want to send to Amazon because you have multiple channels like Walmart because you have, you don't want to pay the extra storage fees at Amazon because Amazon charges you more than the 3PL might charge you.
So, yeah, typically you're bouncing off of a 3PL and it could be inventory limits at Amazon. It could be any one of those reasons. And then you'll have the 3PL store it so that if things start to go faster, you got it there, you can send it in quickly, right? But you kind of take care of that you basically have a 3PL in Mexico and then you're just a couple days across the border.
Okay. Well, thank you very much. And I'm really excited to be joining you, you guys.
Yeah, welcome. Congrats. Thank you.
David. Yeah, it's me again. Hi.
Yeah. Okay. And the last question here on the scorecard, the valid niche.

So we ask about the multi packs. So I'm wondering what is the difference between this question or the other variations because on this project, I'm looking now. A lot of the variations are multi packs.
Two pack five pack. Yeah, it'd be similar then. Meaning the some of the single.
Okay. So one of the questions around variations is to get you to understand how sophisticated and advanced your competition is and also understand that you'll need more capital to compete against sellers like that. Right.
Right. Because their conversion rate is going to be better than someone who only has one. Right.
So there's two different mindsets there. Right. Some sellers have the main listing as meaning the one that came up in the data dive had to pack and some has one pack.
So we have to look at the other variations. Oh, so you want, yeah, you want to look at the other variations and just see where people might be siphoning extra sales and conversion. I checked and a few of them have very little sales on the other variations.
It'll be enough to basically keep them on their listing if someone clicks in and it boosts the overall conversion rate. So it's a good way for someone to increase their profit a little bit but stop people from leaving their page. Got it.
Yeah. So from a competition standpoint, when you go in and you're looking at everyone's got a lot of variations, you kind of need to answer that niche with a lot of variations. Right.
If you if you answer that niche with one, you're not going to compete, but if you do it right and you answer with variations, you could really be successful. It's just, it requires more capital. You just need to be aware of that.
Right. Okay. Take care.
All right. No problem. Oh, what's up brother.
Been too long, man. Hey, Brendan. Did you get that visa? Are you going to be in Orlando or what? No, no, I'm not going to be there.
My wife is pregnant, so I have to take care of her. How many months is she? I think five. My month.
Congratulations. But five months. No excuse.
You should be on a plane. Yeah. Eight months.
Eight months. Okay, you better stay home. You never know.

Pop any day. Anyway, happy New Year's. Happy New Year, man.
And congratulations with your milestone, Brendan. I mean, That's a wow. Well, that's Jennifer, man.
She's the one that's running the business nowadays. She's she's pressing your apples right. Yeah, she's doing good.
It's tough, man. It was two years of struggling to figure out how to scale, right? Like the main thing is like getting the systems, the processes, the training, the right training methods, the right team members, like to and giving them progression and then. And then so the because you get into this mindset where it's like, you want to grow.
So you just start doing the same thing more, right? Or faster. And that's great. But like you can only work so many hours in a week.
So if both of us are working 70, 80 hours a week, like we do, there's a cap. You hit a wall, right? And so the, the breakthrough for us has really been about like setting up the team properly. How to interview, how to hire, how to train, how to progress someone's career in our business and in our company, create a company culture and all of that stuff.
And otherwise, the only team members are in your team. I think we're at 27. It fluctuates.
But, you know, we flex up and down and we hire three to four people for one position and then the best person stays and, you know, typically that's the way it works. Well, yeah. Again, congrats.
Pay off, right? How was your cue for? It's amazing. Always, cue for us. Always been amazing.
That's it. Yeah, I have some toys and sales a lot. In which these toys, I kind of finance it.
So then, yeah, it's always in stock. That's what I love about it. Amazing.
Yeah. Cue for us. Always amazing.
But it's not, it's not better than, I think. Well, October and December is kind of the same. Same result for sales, you know.
That's awesome. Anyway. So, yeah, because of this limit.
Limit restrictions is still there, even if it's January. So do you think it will be there or it will increase in no time? We're hoping that is going to be. We're hoping some product is funnels, right? And I'm afraid.
We're here in my Amazon business. We'll be just stuck and I need to find another one downstairs. I'm here and they're going to make a change in March or April.

They're, they're, they're recovering from cue for, they got a lot of returns coming in. And when things really come down, then they're going to raise their limits and they, you know, but it's a matter of employees and it's a matter of volume right now with just volume of units that everyone that they're moving. And now like all the returns, January is still a big year for, for health and fitness.
So it'll be February, March by the time that they start to open back up. And I think those limits will go back up. Well, let me go back up.
Yeah, because I have some products I need to launch, but I cannot launch it. So what I would do is use, so, so use Amazon Global Logistics and then they can raise your limit. Really? Like significantly? They'll approve whatever they need to the, if you use them.
They live on US and Asian. You let them know I have, I have this, I can't send it in. I need to, I need you to, so lift it and they can lift it, but they can only lift on what they ship.
Yeah, because my stock right now is like double off its limitations. So I'm afraid that it's already red, right? Yeah, it's so annoying. So, but anyway, go, go reach out to them.
All right. Yeah. Some agl stuff already contacted me.
But yeah, so reach back out to them and be like, Hey, I want to use you. I want to give you business, but I got this problem. And I heard you can solve it.
And they'll say, yeah, we'll take care of it. All right. Anyway, the second question will be.
So I have been selling this, this type of niche and it, it has a good competitor's life. Not, not reliable. We can say yellow orange competitors, but this company is no longer selling.
This company is no longer selling, but I know the, the source from China to the suppliers, the main supply from China. And, and she says that this, your competitor has been, you know, ordering this amount, but it, they, they're longer sending it to, to do yes. So do you want to take his inventory and sell it as yours? So I check it, check out on, on his listing, the competitor listing and it's quite nice.
It has like four stars, hundreds of reviews. But it's inactive now. It's, it's, it's kind of like zombie listing, if I ever heard of it.
So do you think I can, I should take the listing and sell their inventory with, with your method, with seller system method, or I should just make a new listing. And, you know, launch it. If it's very different, I wouldn't risk it.
You will watch it. If it's different, if it's too different, I wouldn't risk it. Yeah.
Because they're going to, you're going to get, it'll catch up to you later. Sometimes they, they'll flag you and then they'll, they'll come after you later or a competitor will notice and report you.

So, because they can go back and see that, right? Like it's going to be, if, if there's images or if there's any, any type of variation that's the name is different.
When they, from the Rose reviews. Yeah. Yeah.
So I would, I would probably not risk it. Yeah. I think the same way.
I, I, I tend to lean towards the safer long play. Even if it's a little bit more painful, but I think you've got the skills. And the ability to, to do it right the next time.
So just don't mess around. Don't, don't lose your account. Understand.
Okay. Brandon, I think that's all for me today. I'm very, very, very, I'm going to have much in mind call with my friends.
And I think they can solve many of my problems. And this must always be the, the place. Yeah.
I appreciate you, man. I was, I wish I was sharing a drink and some s'mores with you and, you know, this, this coming week, but, you know, you have some, some excuse about a baby or something. And I don't know.
Like congratulations. Maybe, maybe next time. All right, brother.
Take care. Great to see everyone. Happy new year.
Super excited about this year. I mean, there's so much cool stuff. We're redoing a ton of the content.
Big announcement for data dive coming on Monday. Keep in the, you'll, it'll make news. You'll, you'll see it.
Can't, can't disclose it yet. But you'll get an email about it. You'll see a post about it.
A lot of people will be very happy about it. And, and then I'll, I'll see a lot of you. I can't be come.
So. Great to see everyone. Take care.

